hey guys I'm back so I'm going to be
showing you two wigs that I picked up
from for the fridges eagle collection
these are pretty new wigs this is the
Black Jack wig and I have it in two
colors I have Dan honey and Deaton be
lbk so the first I'm going to try on for
you guys is the D in honey
and it comes in all this packaging of
course of course it helped me to get it
out and I'm going to try this on for you
guys okay so let's get into the roots
really quick
the roots are kind of blue I don't know
if you guys can see this but the roots
are kind of low the back is definitely
black I do like the blonde color that
it's coming with it looks like a 613 and
another color mixed in but the roots are
blue I'm going to okay so here's a comb
in the back to comes in the front it is
a L part wig and you want to put that on
for you guys I'm going to put the combs
and if I can find them so now the combs
are right here in the top
and this is cute this is giving me TLC
right now and it's okay like it's it's
alright I don't know it's cute I like it
it's giving me two balls two balls
effect I'm gonna turn around see back we
turn it back
nuts the back some games can't it's just
old school very very old school don't
get um chance and waterfalls please
stick to the rivers and the lakes that
she use to jail honey
whoo let the church say Amen style it's
Carol is key out yeah it's cute I'm
feeling it from here
let me try that the Cologne for you guys
you guys know how I am about color I'm
usually like I stick the blacks Oh colas
oh my god okay so let us course
packaging but the color is purple
I'm so excited like a little kid in a
candy store I'm like my son when he sees
a new car
okay so it has purple highlights I am
loving that let's put this bad boy one
and this one does have adjustable straps
I don't know if I said that um I wish it
had comes on the side but it doesn't
only has comes on the top and come in
the back
oh yeah
I'm liking the purple the purple is cute
so again a little bit of that TLC effect
that purple is gorgeous and of course is
the black in the back the purple is
absolutely gorgeous um as for the part
it's not really realistic but it's okay
like it's not the worst um I haven't
experienced any shedding these wigs are
pretty pretty cute I wish I had some
baby hair um just made me like right
here a little bit to get rid of my big
forehead but other than that this cut
and style is cute I'm filling this
purple Sun won't
oh please stick to the rivers and the
lakes that she used to jab okay guys so
you tell me what you think yea or nay
thumbs up and thumbs down for these two
wigs just kidding uh but tell me what
you think you guys like these they're
there okay you guys know I'm not really
into the whole I don't know it's okay I
feel like oh oh yeah you guys let me
know what you think I'll stop see you
guys later